all right I got to f 75s here the one on
the left is the non upgraded one and the
one on the right is the DST the newer
one and we're going to see how they
compare in my test garden we're going to
start off with the non upgraded one here
okay so right here right we're in the
middle of the coil that is a 10 inch
quarter and start off sensitivity of 99
discrimination completely off
no not number of taunt number of tones
for boost process when you see yes I did
a set 10s quarter silver quarter nada
okay eight-inch done silver done better
okay eight-inch nickel
me a 10 and a half inch 50 sir okay this
is a seven and a half inch Indian Head
right now
and go to a new one here and we're going
to start off in 9.1
sensitivity 99 zero discrimination gee
nothing notched Jones for go to Boosh
process okay ten inch quarter gram
balance this one okay so ten inch
quarter sleeve it's um high tones okay
eight-inch done okay eight-inch nickel
okay ten and a half inch with you said
okay seven am a pinch Indian Head okay
let's turn it off go in nine point one
every 9.0 so
okay
since I changed you they got a ground
balance and do everything else here real
quick
ten inch quarter okay eight inch down
okay
an inch nickel okay ten and a half inch
50 cent seven 1/2 inch in jean head
alrighty I hope that cleared up
everything um I'm actually getting more
depth out of the upgraded one versus the
non upgraded so I just wanted to show
everyone that because I know a lot of
people are